ecs/services/worker/README.md, before:

# ecs/services/worker

Creates an ECS service for background workers

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.12, <2.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 2.40.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 2.40.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_cloudwatch_consts"></a> [cloudwatch\_consts](#module\_cloudwatch\_consts) | ./../../../cloudwatch/consts | n/a |
| <a name="module_metric_average_cpu_reservation"></a> [metric\_average\_cpu\_reservation](#module\_metric\_average\_cpu\_reservation) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric | n/a |
| <a name="module_metric_average_memory_reservation"></a> [metric\_average\_memory\_reservation](#module\_metric\_average\_memory\_reservation) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric | n/a |
| <a name="module_metrics_cpu_utilization"></a> [metrics\_cpu\_utilization](#module\_metrics\_cpu\_utilization) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric/many | n/a |
| <a name="module_metrics_memory_utilization"></a> [metrics\_memory\_utilization](#module\_metrics\_memory\_utilization) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric/many | n/a |
| <a name="module_metrics_tasks"></a> [metrics\_tasks](#module\_metrics\_tasks) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric/many | n/a |
| <a name="module_widget_cpu_utilization"></a> [widget\_cpu\_utilization](#module\_widget\_cpu\_utilization) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric_widget | n/a |
| <a name="module_widget_memory_utilization"></a> [widget\_memory\_utilization](#module\_widget\_memory\_utilization) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric_widget | n/a |
| <a name="module_widget_scaling"></a> [widget\_scaling](#module\_widget\_scaling) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric_widget | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_ecs_service.service](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecs_service) | resource |
| [aws_arn.cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/arn) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cluster_arn"></a> [cluster\_arn](#input\_cluster\_arn) | ARN of the ECS cluster to create the service in | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Should resources be created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_max_percent"></a> [deployment\_max\_percent](#input\_deployment\_max\_percent) | The upper limit (as a percentage of the service's desiredCount) of the number of running tasks that can be running in a service during a deployment. Rounded down to get the maximum number of running tasks. | `number` | `200` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_min_percent"></a> [deployment\_min\_percent](#input\_deployment\_min\_percent) | The lower limit (as a percentage of the service's desiredCount) of the number of running tasks that must remain running and healthy in a service during a deployment. Rounded up to get the minimum number of running tasks. | `number` | `50` | no |
| <a name="input_desired_count"></a> [desired\_count](#input\_desired\_count) | The number of instances of the task definition to place and keep running. | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_launch_type"></a> [launch\_type](#input\_launch\_type) | The launch type on which to run your service. Either EC2 or FARGATE. | `string` | `"EC2"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | ECS service name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_task_definition_arn"></a> [task\_definition\_arn](#input\_task\_definition\_arn) | ECS task definition ARN to run as a service | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | Service id |
| <a name="output_metrics"></a> [metrics](#output\_metrics) | Cloudwatch metrics, see [metrics.tf](./metrics.tf) |
| <a name="output_widgets"></a> [widgets](#output\_widgets) | Cloudwatch dashboard widgets, see [widgets.tf](./widgets.tf) |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Commit message:

feat!(ecs/services): deployment failure handling (#154)
* feat(ecs/services): added wait_for_steady_state variable, enabled by default

* feat(ecs/services): enable deployment circuit breaker

* feat(ecs/services): configurable deployment timeout

* docs(ecs/services): deployment failure handling

* fix(ecs/services): require at least aws 4.22.0

* ci: update providers

ecs/services/worker/README.md, after:

# ecs/services/worker

Creates an ECS service for background workers

## Deployment failures

To mark the ECS service update as a failure if something goes wrong the defaults are:

- `wait_for_steady_state = true` to wait for the service to be deployed
- `deployment_timeout = "10m"` wait 10 minutes, if it takes longer terraform will mark the update as a failure
- `deployment_rollback = true` enables roll back using the [ECS deployment circuit breaker](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/deployment-circuit-breaker.html)

`deployment_rollback` and `deployment_timeout` are independent of each other,
because we have no control over ECS deployment circuit breaker thresholds.
There's also no way at the moment to wait for deployment failure.

This means that you have to make sure `deployment_timeout` is lower than
the time it takes for ECS to mark the deployment as failed. Otherwise the
rollback might cause the service to enter steady state, which will then
be picked up by terraform and it will mark terraform apply as a success,
even though the deployment failed.

https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/issues/20858

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.12, <2.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.22.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.22.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_cloudwatch_consts"></a> [cloudwatch\_consts](#module\_cloudwatch\_consts) | ./../../../cloudwatch/consts | n/a |
| <a name="module_metric_average_cpu_reservation"></a> [metric\_average\_cpu\_reservation](#module\_metric\_average\_cpu\_reservation) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric | n/a |
| <a name="module_metric_average_memory_reservation"></a> [metric\_average\_memory\_reservation](#module\_metric\_average\_memory\_reservation) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric | n/a |
| <a name="module_metrics_cpu_utilization"></a> [metrics\_cpu\_utilization](#module\_metrics\_cpu\_utilization) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric/many | n/a |
| <a name="module_metrics_memory_utilization"></a> [metrics\_memory\_utilization](#module\_metrics\_memory\_utilization) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric/many | n/a |
| <a name="module_metrics_tasks"></a> [metrics\_tasks](#module\_metrics\_tasks) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric/many | n/a |
| <a name="module_widget_cpu_utilization"></a> [widget\_cpu\_utilization](#module\_widget\_cpu\_utilization) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric_widget | n/a |
| <a name="module_widget_memory_utilization"></a> [widget\_memory\_utilization](#module\_widget\_memory\_utilization) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric_widget | n/a |
| <a name="module_widget_scaling"></a> [widget\_scaling](#module\_widget\_scaling) | ./../../../cloudwatch/metric_widget | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_ecs_service.service](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecs_service) | resource |
| [aws_arn.cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/arn) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cluster_arn"></a> [cluster\_arn](#input\_cluster\_arn) | ARN of the ECS cluster to create the service in | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Should resources be created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_max_percent"></a> [deployment\_max\_percent](#input\_deployment\_max\_percent) | The upper limit (as a percentage of the service's desiredCount) of the number of running tasks that can be running in a service during a deployment. Rounded down to get the maximum number of running tasks. | `number` | `200` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_min_percent"></a> [deployment\_min\_percent](#input\_deployment\_min\_percent) | The lower limit (as a percentage of the service's desiredCount) of the number of running tasks that must remain running and healthy in a service during a deployment. Rounded up to get the minimum number of running tasks. | `number` | `50` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_rollback"></a> [deployment\_rollback](#input\_deployment\_rollback) | Whether ECS should roll back to the previous version when it detects a failure using deployment circuit breaker | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_timeout"></a> [deployment\_timeout](#input\_deployment\_timeout) | Timeout for updating the ECS service | `string` | `"10m"` | no |
| <a name="input_desired_count"></a> [desired\_count](#input\_desired\_count) | The number of instances of the task definition to place and keep running. | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_launch_type"></a> [launch\_type](#input\_launch\_type) | The launch type on which to run your service. Either EC2 or FARGATE. | `string` | `"EC2"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | ECS service name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_task_definition_arn"></a> [task\_definition\_arn](#input\_task\_definition\_arn) | ECS task definition ARN to run as a service | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wait_for_steady_state"></a> [wait\_for\_steady\_state](#input\_wait\_for\_steady\_state) | Wait for the service to reach a steady state | `bool` | `true` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | Service id |
| <a name="output_metrics"></a> [metrics](#output\_metrics) | Cloudwatch metrics, see [metrics.tf](./metrics.tf) |
| <a name="output_widgets"></a> [widgets](#output\_widgets) | Cloudwatch dashboard widgets, see [widgets.tf](./widgets.tf) |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
