rds/postgres/README.md, before:

# RDS Postgres

Creates an RDS PostgreSQL database instance

## Inputs

| Name                 | Description                                                                                  |  Type  | Default  | Required |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----: | :------: | :------: |
| db                   | The name of the database to create when the DB instance is created, defaults to project name | string |   `""`   |    no    |
| environment          | Kebab-cased environment name, eg. development, staging, production                           | string |   n/a    |   yes    |
| instance\_type       | The instance type of the RDS instance                                                        | string |   n/a    |   yes    |
| multi\_az            | Specifies if the RDS instance is multi-AZ                                                    | string | `"true"` |    no    |
| password             | Password for the master DB user, if not provided a random one will be generated              | string |   `""`   |    no    |
| password\_length     | Random password length                                                                       | string |  `"32"`  |    no    |
| port                 | The port on which the DB accepts connections                                                 | string | `"5432"` |    no    |
| prevent\_destroy     | Should the DB be protected from accidental deletion                                          | string | `"true"` |    no    |
| project              | Kebab-cased project name                                                                     | string |   n/a    |   yes    |
| security\_group\_ids | Security group ids which should have access to the DB                                        |  list  |   n/a    |   yes    |
| storage              | The allocated storage in gibibytes                                                           | string |   n/a    |   yes    |
| subnet\_ids          | VPC subnet IDs in which the DB should be created                                             |  list  |   n/a    |   yes    |
| tags                 | Tags to add to resources that support them                                                   |  map   | `<map>`  |    no    |
| username             | Username for the master DB user, if not provided a random one will be generated              | string |   `""`   |    no    |
| username\_length     | Random username length                                                                       | string |  `"8"`   |    no    |
| version              | RDS Postgres engine version                                                                  | string | `"10.6"` |    no    |
| vpc\_id              | VPC ID in which the DB should be created                                                     | string |   n/a    |   yes    |

## Outputs

| Name     | Description        |
| -------- | ------------------ |
| db       | DB name            |
| host     | DB host            |
| password | DB master password |
| port     | DB port            |
| url      | DB connection url  |
| username | DB master username |

Commit message:

Fix: missing public variable in the readme

rds/postgres/README.md, after:

# RDS Postgres

Creates an RDS PostgreSQL database instance

## Inputs

| Name                 | Description                                                                                                          |  Type  |  Default  | Required |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----: | :-------: | :------: |
| db                   | The name of the database to create when the DB instance is created, defaults to project name converted to snake_case | string |   `""`    |    no    |
| environment          | Kebab-cased environment name, eg. development, staging, production                                                   | string |    n/a    |   yes    |
| instance\_type       | The instance type of the RDS instance                                                                                | string |    n/a    |   yes    |
| multi\_az            | Specifies if the RDS instance is multi-AZ                                                                            | string | `"true"`  |    no    |
| password             | Password for the master DB user, if not provided a random one will be generated                                      | string |   `""`    |    no    |
| password\_length     | Random password length                                                                                               | string |  `"32"`   |    no    |
| port                 | The port on which the DB accepts connections                                                                         | string | `"5432"`  |    no    |
| prevent\_destroy     | Should the DB be protected from accidental deletion                                                                  | string | `"true"`  |    no    |
| project              | Kebab-cased project name                                                                                             | string |    n/a    |   yes    |
| public               | Should the DB be publicly accessible, will have no effect if placed in a private subnet                              | string | `"false"` |    no    |
| security\_group\_ids | Security group ids which should have access to the DB                                                                |  list  | `<list>`  |    no    |
| storage              | The allocated storage in gibibytes                                                                                   | string |    n/a    |   yes    |
| subnet\_ids          | VPC subnet IDs in which the DB should be created                                                                     |  list  |    n/a    |   yes    |
| tags                 | Tags to add to resources that support them                                                                           |  map   |  `<map>`  |    no    |
| username             | Username for the master DB user, if not provided a random one will be generated                                      | string |   `""`    |    no    |
| username\_length     | Random username length                                                                                               | string |   `"8"`   |    no    |
| version              | RDS Postgres engine version                                                                                          | string | `"10.6"`  |    no    |
| vpc\_id              | VPC ID in which the DB should be created                                                                             | string |    n/a    |   yes    |

## Outputs

| Name     | Description        |
| -------- | ------------------ |
| db       | DB name            |
| host     | DB host            |
| password | DB master password |
| port     | DB port            |
| url      | DB connection url  |
| username | DB master username |
