cloudfront/README.md, before:

# cloudfront

AWS Cloudfront distribution

<!-- bin/docs -->

## Versions

| Provider | Requirements |
|-|-|
| terraform | `>= 0.12` |
| `aws` | `>= 2.40.0` |

## Inputs

* `behaviors` (`map(object({
    path            = string
    allowed_methods = list(string)

    cached_methods    = list(string)
    cached_headers    = list(string)
    cached_cookies    = list(string)
    cached_query_keys = list(string)

    origin_id     = string
    compress      = bool
    forward_query = bool

    viewer_request_lambda  = object({ arn = string, include_body = bool })
    origin_request_lambda  = object({ arn = string, include_body = bool })
    origin_response_lambda = object({ arn = string })
    viewer_response_lambda = object({ arn = string })
  }))`, default: `{}`)

    Path specific caching behaviors

* `behaviors_order` (`list(string)`, default: `null`)

    Order in which behaviors should be resolved. Defaults to behaviors map order.

* `certificate_arn` (`string`, default: `null`)

    ACM certificate ARN to use instead of the default cloudfront certificate. Has to cover all specified `domains`.

* `create` (`bool`, default: `true`)

    Whether any resources should be created

* `default_behavior` (`object({
    allowed_methods = list(string)

    cached_methods    = list(string)
    cached_headers    = list(string)
    cached_cookies    = list(string)
    cached_query_keys = list(string)

    origin_id     = string
    compress      = bool
    forward_query = bool

    viewer_request_lambda  = object({ arn = string, include_body = bool })
    origin_request_lambda  = object({ arn = string, include_body = bool })
    origin_response_lambda = object({ arn = string })
    viewer_response_lambda = object({ arn = string })
  })`, required)

    Default caching behavior

* `domains` (`list(string)`, default: `[]`)

    List of domains which will serve the application. If empty, will use the default cloudfront domain

* `error_responses` (`map(object({
    response_code = number
    response_path = string
  }))`, default: `{}`)

    Custom error responses

* `https_origins` (`map(object({
    domain  = string
    path    = string
    headers = map(string)
    port    = number
  }))`, default: `{}`)

    HTTP origins proxied by this distribution

* `price_class` (`string`, default: `"PriceClass_100"`)

    CloudFront price class, which specifies where the distribution should be replicated, one of: PriceClass_100, PriceClass_200, PriceClass_All

* `s3_origins` (`map(object({
    domain  = string
    path    = string
    headers = map(string)
  }))`, default: `{}`)

    AWS S3 buckets proxied by this distribution

* `tags` (`map(string)`, default: `{}`)

    Tags to add to resources



## Outputs

* `access_identity_arn`

    A pre-generated access identity ARN for use in S3 bucket policies.

* `access_identity_id`

    Access identity id for the distribution. For example: EDFDVBD632BHDS5.

* `arn`

    ARN of the distribution

* `domain`

    Domain of the distribution, eg. d604721fxaaqy9.cloudfront.net.

* `id`

    ID of the distribution

* `metrics`

    Cloudwatch monitoring metrics

* `url`

    URL of the distribution, eg. https://d604721fxaaqy9.cloudfront.net.

* `widgets`

    Cloudwatch dashboard widgets

* `zone_id`

    Route 53 zone ID that can be used to route an Alias Resource Record Set to.

Commit message:

feat(cloudfront): support http-only origins

cloudfront/README.md, after:

# cloudfront

AWS Cloudfront distribution

<!-- bin/docs -->

## Versions

| Provider | Requirements |
|-|-|
| terraform | `>= 0.12` |
| `aws` | `>= 2.40.0` |

## Inputs

* `behaviors` (`map(object({
    path            = string
    allowed_methods = list(string)

    cached_methods    = list(string)
    cached_headers    = list(string)
    cached_cookies    = list(string)
    cached_query_keys = list(string)

    origin_id     = string
    compress      = bool
    forward_query = bool

    viewer_request_lambda  = object({ arn = string, include_body = bool })
    origin_request_lambda  = object({ arn = string, include_body = bool })
    origin_response_lambda = object({ arn = string })
    viewer_response_lambda = object({ arn = string })
  }))`, default: `{}`)

    Path specific caching behaviors

* `behaviors_order` (`list(string)`, default: `null`)

    Order in which behaviors should be resolved. Defaults to behaviors map order.

* `certificate_arn` (`string`, default: `null`)

    ACM certificate ARN to use instead of the default cloudfront certificate. Has to cover all specified `domains`.

* `create` (`bool`, default: `true`)

    Whether any resources should be created

* `default_behavior` (`object({
    allowed_methods = list(string)

    cached_methods    = list(string)
    cached_headers    = list(string)
    cached_cookies    = list(string)
    cached_query_keys = list(string)

    origin_id     = string
    compress      = bool
    forward_query = bool

    viewer_request_lambda  = object({ arn = string, include_body = bool })
    origin_request_lambda  = object({ arn = string, include_body = bool })
    origin_response_lambda = object({ arn = string })
    viewer_response_lambda = object({ arn = string })
  })`, required)

    Default caching behavior

* `domains` (`list(string)`, default: `[]`)

    List of domains which will serve the application. If empty, will use the default cloudfront domain

* `error_responses` (`map(object({
    response_code = number
    response_path = string
  }))`, default: `{}`)

    Custom error responses

* `http_origins` (`map(object({
    domain  = string
    path    = string
    headers = map(string)
    port    = number
  }))`, default: `{}`)

    HTTP origins proxied by this distribution

* `https_origins` (`map(object({
    domain  = string
    path    = string
    headers = map(string)
    port    = number
  }))`, default: `{}`)

    HTTPS origins proxied by this distribution

* `price_class` (`string`, default: `"PriceClass_100"`)

    CloudFront price class, which specifies where the distribution should be replicated, one of: PriceClass_100, PriceClass_200, PriceClass_All

* `s3_origins` (`map(object({
    domain  = string
    path    = string
    headers = map(string)
  }))`, default: `{}`)

    AWS S3 buckets proxied by this distribution

* `tags` (`map(string)`, default: `{}`)

    Tags to add to resources



## Outputs

* `access_identity_arn`

    A pre-generated access identity ARN for use in S3 bucket policies.

* `access_identity_id`

    Access identity id for the distribution. For example: EDFDVBD632BHDS5.

* `arn`

    ARN of the distribution

* `domain`

    Domain of the distribution, eg. d604721fxaaqy9.cloudfront.net.

* `id`

    ID of the distribution

* `metrics`

    Cloudwatch monitoring metrics

* `url`

    URL of the distribution, eg. https://d604721fxaaqy9.cloudfront.net.

* `widgets`

    Cloudwatch dashboard widgets

* `zone_id`

    Route 53 zone ID that can be used to route an Alias Resource Record Set to.
