spa/middleware/README.md, before:

# spa/middleware

`spa` internal module which creates a single Lambda@Edge function to be attached to a CloudFront distribution as middleware.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.12, <2.0 |
| <a name="requirement_archive"></a> [archive](#requirement\_archive) | >= 1.2.2 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 2.40.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_archive"></a> [archive](#provider\_archive) | >= 1.2.2 |
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 2.40.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_lambda_function.middleware](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lambda_function) | resource |
| [archive_file.archive](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/archive/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_code"></a> [code](#input\_code) | Lambda code | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Should resources be created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_handler"></a> [handler](#input\_handler) | Path to the function which will handle lambda calls | `string` | `"index.handler"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Lambda name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_role_arn"></a> [role\_arn](#input\_role\_arn) | Role which should be assumed by the Lambda, created by middleware\_common module | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_runtime"></a> [runtime](#input\_runtime) | Lambda runtime | `string` | `"nodejs10.x"` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Tags to add to resources that support them | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_arn"></a> [arn](#output\_arn) | Lambda ARN |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Commit message:

feat: allow specifying temporary file paths (#135)
* feat(spa/middleware): added archive_path input, default to {path.module}/tmp/{hash}.zip

* feat(spa): added basic_auth_ and pull_request_router_archive_path inputs

* feat(lambda): added files_output_path input

* feat(lambda/layer): added files_output_path input

* feat(lambda): renamed files_output_path to files_package_path

* refactor: replace uses of deprecated lambda files and files_dir inputs with package_path

* docs: updated readmes

* feat(cloudfront/lambda): added package_path input

* feat(rds/postgres): added management_lambda_package_path input

* fix(rds/postgres/management_lambda): zip doesn't have a files_dir variable

* docs(lambda/layer): zip doesn't have a files_dir input

spa/middleware/README.md, after:

# spa/middleware

`spa` internal module which creates a single Lambda@Edge function to be attached to a CloudFront distribution as middleware.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.12, <2.0 |
| <a name="requirement_archive"></a> [archive](#requirement\_archive) | >= 1.2.2 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 2.40.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_archive"></a> [archive](#provider\_archive) | >= 1.2.2 |
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 2.40.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_lambda_function.middleware](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lambda_function) | resource |
| [archive_file.archive](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/archive/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_archive_path"></a> [archive\_path](#input\_archive\_path) | Path where the lambda package will be created.<br>Any instances of `{hash}` will be replaced with the code hash.<br>Defaults to `{middleware module path}/tmp/{hash}.zip`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_code"></a> [code](#input\_code) | Lambda code | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Should resources be created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_handler"></a> [handler](#input\_handler) | Path to the function which will handle lambda calls | `string` | `"index.handler"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Lambda name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_role_arn"></a> [role\_arn](#input\_role\_arn) | Role which should be assumed by the Lambda, created by middleware\_common module | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_runtime"></a> [runtime](#input\_runtime) | Lambda runtime | `string` | `"nodejs10.x"` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Tags to add to resources that support them | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_arn"></a> [arn](#output\_arn) | Lambda ARN |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
